=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

YamlTime - YAML based Personal Time Tracking

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    > yt help

=head1 DESCRIPTION

YamlTime is an application that allows you do your personal project time
tracking from the command line. It saves your data in plain text YAML files.
You can use a version control system (like git) to back up the data.

YamlTime comes with a command line app called C<yt> that does everything.

=head1 COMMANDLINE USAGE

The following commands are supported.

    yt                  - Show current yt status of today's tasks
    yt help             - Get Help
    yt init             - Create a new YamlTime store
    yt new              - Start a new task
    yt stop             - Stop the current task
    yt go               - Restart the current task
    yt edit <task>      - Edit a task's yaml file in $EDITOR
    yt dump <task>      - Read a task file and print to STDOUT
    yt remove <task>    - Delete a task file
    yt check <tasks>    - Check the data in the range for errors
    yt status <tasks>   - Show the current yt status
    yt report <tasks>   - Create a report for a time period
                          using a certain reporting style

=head2 Options

yt commands have the following options:

=over

=item --from=<date_string>

Commands that need a time range, use this to set the start time. The default
is the previous midnight. A human friendly string can be used, like: '3 days
ago'.

=item --to=<date_string>

Commands that need a time range, use this to set the end time. The default
is now.

=item --tag=<tag_list>

A comma separated list of tags. Matches tasks the match all the tags. You can
specify more than once to combine ('or' logig) groups.

=item --style=<report-style>

This names a YamlTime reporting style. The default is CSV, which can be used
as a spreadsheet.

=back

=head1 KUDOS

Many thanks to the good people of Strategic Data in Melbourne Victoria
Australia, for supporting me and this project. \o/

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over

=item *

L<YAML>

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Ingy döt Net <ingy@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2011. Ingy döt Net.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.

See http://www.perl.com/perl/misc/Artistic.html

=cut
